# minggeJS

It is great honor for me to show you my brand new C2C jQuery
competitor following the tremendous success of shearphoto, my awesome
image cropping plugin. Frankly speaking, I had never used jQuery in my
work. I know jQuery from inside out, but I don't really like it. All
my plugins are developed with Vanilla JS. For example, shearphoto, my
recent work I mentioned earlier, if you look under the hood, you will
find out that it's just Vanilla JS. Up to now, there still are quite
many frontend developers suffering from jQuery, since not everyone has
the ability to build a competitive jQuery replacement. So I have an
idea, why not just write an awesome jQuery replacement with my own
thoughts and my own architecture?

My name is MingGe, which is well-known in China. I named the new
library **MingGeJs**. Thus, you will know me is the author as soon as
you see the name, which will also remind you that, JS libraries
developed by us Chinese could be excellent and outstanding.

It took me one week to develop MingGeJs, which is intended to be
bug-to-bug compatible with jQuery, but outperforms jQuery at every
single benchmark, and with support for IE 6/7/8 as jQuery before 2.0.

I do not have a formal CS degree. I have only high school diploma. My
English is very poor, I cannot wrote even a single sentence. But, I
believe, where there is a will, there is a way. I have set an
ambitious goal for MingGeJs, that is, MingGeJs should take up over a
half of jQuery's market share world-wide. MingGeJs has been open
sourced at Github. Feel free to open an issue, and all pull requests
are welcomed.

I am MingGe, please support MingGeJs, because it is a JS library by
Chinese, and we are all Chinese.
